you
what's going on everybody it's some 104
to 1 year of UVA and today as you just
saw right there we're gonna be showing
you how to get outside the map after
math now this is using our care package
wall breaching technique now if you
haven't seen it we've already uploaded a
video using this technique but I'm gonna
give you a little bit of a more in-depth
tutorial now what you want to try to do
is get a care package about that
distance away where we just do that care
package marker but the probe a biggest
problem with this is the care packages
sway and by this I mean the chopper that
drops the care pack it rocks back and
forth before it drops the care pack so
it doesn't always land exactly where the
marker is as you saw right there it
didn't land where the marker was but it
rolled over into the spot so still
worked out for you fine but then right
there he threw that care pack right next
to the wall which didn't look like a
good spot but then it's swayed over into
a good spot and started reaching this
right here
so the sway really takes a big effect in
whether or not you're actually gonna
breach and then right here I've just
speeded up because it's a lot of time
with me just running into the corner and
trying to just run out cuz that's
usually what you do is you have somebody
jump on your head when you get stuck and
then run out because knifing does not
you can't lunge when you're standing in
one spot so the knifing will not be able
to lunge you outside the map like in
black ops only jumping on your head will
and right here what happens is like a
once-in-a-lifetime but this is like
jumping should be your last resort cuz
right here he couldn't jump on our heads
cause we're down beneath the care
package too much but then right here you
see I jump and then he jumps and hits my
head at the same time that jump and then
I was able to get out that way but this
thing that's a rare thing to happen as
the jumping reaching it doesn't happen
very often it's a really rare but it's
hey if you're not breaching it'll be
just the last resort thing just jump and
try to breach that way but
I'm I just like to think a moment here
to say sorry that we haven't been
uploading that much we actually found
the breaching technique and got out of
our first map the day it came out but
we've just been trying to perfect the
technique and try to just make it as
easy as possible before we actually
uploaded it and this is what we've been
able to come up with before we were
actually using hyah chills to bounce the
care packs off I just want to take a
minute right here to say that road is
the road I was at the end up in the
beginning of the video but yeah we were
using riot shields the Bostick air packs
off just because we thought it would be
easier not having to get a kill streak
to bounce it off ugh this place arrived
shields and you got to work up to two
killstreaks instead of getting to carry
packs just beat one but bouncing it off
with one care package is a whole lot
easier yeah another point we're actually
using the AGR drones to push the care
pack and that wasn't turning out so well
but this turned out to be the best way
that we could do it and this is what we
came up with and and yes you guys we
know that other people are uploading out
of maps using our technique we keep
getting people linking the videos to us
saying these guys have claim to the
glitches they roll in yes we know we
know they're people that they're gonna
be people are gonna do that and well we
just can't stop it I mean those uploaded
videos trying to claim it's their
technique all they want and yes then
people say that well they're using your
technique to get out of other maps and
they try to clean the butchers their own
and you guys are like oh what's just
finding the corner like they're just
using your technique they think we just
we can't do anything about it alright
this they can just do their own thing
we'll do ours we find which is this is
what we do we don't really as you guys
know us we don't really upload other
people's pictures too
mainly stick to our our own what we
upload but well this is Austin this is
our glitches right here and oh this is
just a area right here that we found
that you can get to um the end where I
drop down at the end of this it's fake
but closer up it might be real but hope
you guys enjoyed the video if you like
the sort of content check this out we'll
be uploading all sorts of all eat up out
of maps using our technique anyway so
please kind of like subscribe and have a
better day than this guy